Okay, the tapes were on.
Mark, could you give me a little bit of your background, how you grew up,
and maybe how you got interested in writing, and what kind of
science backgrounds you might have had that might have pointed you towards science fiction eventually?
Sure. I was born in 1946 in New Jersey,
and grew up in the suburbs outside of Philadelphia.
I'd say that probably my interest in the literary
matters got started when I was in
grade school, junior high school, my mother was a college level English teacher,
taught at Penn State, I believe the University of Georgia.
So I pretty much had
a lot of books around at all times, and was encouraged to direct my
interest in that direction.
As far as starting writing goes, that was
almost seemed to be the thing to do.
When I was in grade school and began writing
short stories, it was a good play and release for
imagination, and I certainly enjoyed it, and
the editors didn't share my enthusiasm, however, and I
have had not entirely a lot of success in short stories, and that effect the only one
I've ever published was Soul, when I finally got out here to Idaho
in any event, I wrote
Amateur Status as a hobby of ultra junior high and high school,
and then when I got into college, I was very fortunate to go to a place called
Kenyon College in Ohio, which
has really quite a history.
My area of study has always been
the liberal arts, the sciences I'm frankly trying to be much too
challenging and much too much work.
What I do as a science fiction only in the sense that it's
I'd say more fantasy than science fiction.
I don't really have that much of a grasp of hard science, not both
but I certainly appreciate the aesthetics of it,
and that figures in, I take a great deal in the four novels
of the effort. I was very fortunate
at Kenyon because I finally decided that
this was not going to sell short stories, and in my sophomore year began my first novel
which was sold at the end of my junior year,
and came out with paperbacks,
words of starship in the fall of 1967
that apparently
survived in the marketplace, since being reprinted
in England, Holland,
not Holland, I'm sorry, England, France, Italy, and Germany.
I've had the others.
And I wrote another one my senior year in college.
One of the Kenyon Review Prize for Achievement in Fiction, I think primarily
because it was the only college student writing novel that everybody else was pulling around
with poetry and short stories.
I won a scholarship
to the New York University Law School,
a Root-Hilton scholarship, and that fact was free, pretty much determined
my career choice, and because at no time was I under the illusion
that gainful living could be
gotten from pursuing writing. Now that's maybe either a very
good, cold, rational judgment on my part, or pure cowardice
in any event, I did go to New York,
went through law school, wrote a third novel,
the shortest one, The Days Tars There, and
while I was there
spent the summer of my second year with the legal department of Boise Cascade Corporation
out here in Boise, met the law firm that I
joined after getting out of law school, and I've been with ever since.
Since coming out to Boise, I
wrote just one other novel,
that short story I mentioned, but one other novel, The Siege of Wonder, and that was published by
Double Day in 1976, and then I think by
DAW in paperback the next year, and
that I think is the best so far.
After that was published, I became married
to a very wonderful woman, Marika,
who already had two very wonderful children when I met her,
and that has
taken on some immediate responsibility.
Also, it's become a partner in the law firm, and
I've seen how everybody's, well not everybody, take that back. A lot of people expect you to be fairly
grown up, fairly grown up, use the people don't like science, it doesn't
mean that people don't like science fiction or reading or writing, but they do expect
to pay a little more attention to the job at hand than speculating over your own personal
fantasies. Anyway, for whatever reason there is, already has
kind of gotten lost in the
early burleys of work, and
since that time I'm really embarrassed to say that I have not completed anything of any substance.
The hope is still there,
and I have what I believe to be,
I hope will be a viable idea for another novel, and I've been
pitching at it now for some time,
and can speak with as much a matter of trying to find a new focus,
because I believe that a lot of what I've
already written was threatening to become repetitious
and self-cliché, and
also just trying to do some new things. So that
makes it perhaps a doubly difficult to get
started, and to stick with it, maintain the mood, well I guess first of all I have to find the
new mood before I can maintain it. And that's where it stands right now.
Okay,
I was laughing whenever you were talking about growing up.
I'm two years younger than you, and
I too have a real life job, and I don't know what it means,
have to appear to be grown up anyway. What I want to do now
is go back over the individual works, and
see what we can dig out, the things that were interesting to discuss,
and I need to turn an amplifier down.
Okay, now I can hear much better. You allow that
you had been writing since a fairly early age
in grade school, in fact, and yet
science never did, or it interested you, but not the nuts and bolts.
When you did start writing, why was it science fiction and not
historical fiction or mainstream novels or something else?
What was the attraction of science fantasy, I guess is probably what you really write.
Great, well I guess the sheer wonder of it, first of all, for an
adolescent imagination, it was a very easy one to slip into.
An easy
genre to slip into. It did not require you to
embarrass yourself particularly much by trying to do things that
you had no idea how they functioned, writing about them,
like girls. It provided
a great deal of play, because you could allow
your imagination to free reign. So I guess it was kind of self-indulgent in that sense.
And that's the way that my imagination seems to work.
It took a very peculiar, I thought,
an individualized perspective
that wanted to express some
I hope of, will not turn out to have been just a limited number of
ideas and feelings, and
fantasy seemed to be best suited to it.
Also, the combination of fantasy and
science fiction allowed
me to work at, even then I think,
an element of irony and
contradiction, which I've always enjoyed, and which is
I think you've got to be pretty talented, much more than I, to do it
in a real-world situation, historical or mainstream
fiction.
There's also another thing, I guess, for I find humor very difficult.
I cry myself in normal life, having a very good sense of humor.
But the writings, none of the books
are at least as jolly, I'm afraid to say.
And the contradiction in irony, and I suppose
allowed for
a reservoir of
I guess, bitterness
to just get out on the outside
and express itself, and to operate in these
half-crippled
contradictory worlds that I just naturally seem drawn to.
Like I said, I hope I'm not
going to stay there forever, I certainly don't want to.
But it had a very peculiar allure to me.
And also, it was completely out of step, but what
contemporary adolescent society was
saying was to literally, sensitive kids ought to be
doing, so they're trying to do the exact opposite.
And try to offend my peers, I think I've succeeded on one more occasion when I should
but that was the fortunate thing about going to Kenyon because that was very
tolerant, I think, one of the two genuinely
eccentric
stimulating places I've been to.
So that's, also, I'll bring up
one more thing, the works that the books that I was reading
at the time, of the novels that I was thoroughly impressed by
were included to Bradbury's work and later on to College Tolkien
and on TV, of course,
it's very favored to Twilight Zone, that sort of thing.
So it kind of cut down the conversation when you attempted to tell
people what you were doing and either they weren't
interested in writing at all or the kind of writing they were interested in
just simply didn't match up with what this stuff was turning out as.
But I just, I really enjoyed it, I felt comfortable
and felt that I could do it well, I think that's
probably the main reason.
Okay, Lords of the Starship came out in 1967 and
it was, as you mentioned, it's kind of pessimistic
decadent societies, entropy is about
maximized both socially and physically. That would
be something which now we could, we would call
probably a new wave quote unquote. Were you influenced by people
like J.G. Ballard and Michael Morkock and the people that wrote them
the new wave science fiction, very British?
Yeah, I thoroughly impressed by Ballard's stuff, not really Morkock too much.
Paul Anderson,
his adventures, I remember
they were quite impressive. I especially like
to get back to the contradiction, the survival of
what our contemporary society is, its survival
into a totally unexpected, hopefully unexpected
society and
society of decline. That in a way, and maybe this is
a cheap reason for doing it, but it allows the
aesthetics of what I view to be our science
and technology, even though it has failed,
I certainly don't blame what happened to bring about the societies
that are present in the first book, but
they failed to stop them from occurring, but they did survive in
fragments and I'd like to think that
it acquired some kind of a tragic heroism
by what they were doing. The societies,
the bad societies that were in the first
book, and really in the second, were really caused by whatever causes the bad
society and simple stupidity.
The artifacts, which if we would think
back, I'm just trying to remember you're my contemporaries, so you can remember this
great day of the 60s and so on. The artifacts
that I enjoyed writing about, the ships in the aircraft
and the devices in the science and industry, they remain
in isolation. They're usually
beset. The people who are allied with them are
if not heroic and they're not as bad as the other folks
and that kind of threw them
fragments into a contract
but I at least I believe made them
a little on the heroic side because they battled against the inevitable
and I really like that.
This idea of the society constructing a starship
which is going to take centuries to complete,
I know you were a history major, is there any kind of historical precedent
for that on a much smaller scale that gave you the idea?
No, not at all. The idea itself
here I'm really trying to think back
because the individual suggestions you get when you're
thinking about trying to start a story
and you're gathering in the hooks and suggestions that pop
up can be so minor that I'm just
trying to think back and I can't really remember any similar historical
parallel although I'm sure it's been tried
and I guess some terms have come to mind
although as much as a social purpose is
any expression of a religious ideal or a field of civil
engineering. I think what it came out as is first of all just the sheer
image of something that spectacular and
given the image then I thought well how can we make a contradictory
and it became contradictory by turning the hope into the
eventual reason of ruin and it proceeded along those lines
nothing that I'm thinking of in my
as a reader of history I don't think
it's suggested that that's the way the idea evolved.
It's a very entertaining book because it did evolve as it was being written
and a lot of fun.
And you were a sophomore in college
that was written. Right.
Did you get encouragement from your peers, your professors, did they know what
you were doing? Well my
English professor, a very fine fellow named Norman Fildes
in the freshman year I showed some of my short stories to and he was one of the
few people who said this is pretty good stuff so I'm going to keep at it.
The problem I had with Kenyon was that the English
department was so good I was a little scared of it. That's another reason why
I stayed as a history major.
The encouragement I had just to people
generally what I related to them were pretty encouraging
but it wasn't what you might
say a literary environment in the sense
that in my everyday the people I was in eternity and in class
and so on like that there wasn't any seething hot bit of
you know literary endeavor what are you doing, what are you trying to say
and all that sort of nonsense. It was being built and there was interest
and I was able to talk about it
and at least
the interest was there. It was a men's college
so the social structure was considerably simplified over
a very small men's college too. So the social structure
was considerably simplified I gather over what would have been a
comparable large co-ed university
and even though the social forms weren't there
the eccentricity was and that
I think is what helped it along
and maybe even allowed it to
grow in what I think what I hope was a nice kind of twisting and
unexpected way as far as the plot and the setting and so on goes.
As far as my mother of course is great encouragement when I was ready
as far as high school goes my English teacher
in my senior year in honors English was quite
definite after showing some of my stuff that I could not write.
So that was a lot of encouragement from that.
And of course at law school nobody reads so they hardly have any idea what writing is
and that wasn't any encouragement at all.
But by then I was pretty much worried about myself.
How does a college sophomore then get his manuscript
published? Did you have any extra problems with that?
Well this is this I was kind of lucky when I did my
amateur...are you still there?
Yeah I can hear you fine.
I was pretty lucky I did a little amateur market research and immediately saw it during those days
that Ace Paperbacks was easily publishing the greatest volume of
titles and I had some very good
authors and they had a lot of real thinkers.
So I thought well obviously that's the place to go and
my family is as I said outside of Philadelphia
and during one vacation my sophomore or even junior year
I simply put the only final copy of it
I had in the paper bag and left it off at the desk.
And with a letter I went back to college
and a month or two later my parents called me up, called me up, had an offer
a nice letter from Donald Wilhine the editor to publish it
with more money than I'd ever seen in one place before.
Which is not much but it was a really nice thing.
I had a pretty good time at it and then it came out.
So that sounds a little
you know, shot in the dark
that's exactly what it was.
That makes it sound easy.
I was lucky. Donald Wilhine's a really first-rate guy
and I certainly enjoyed all the dealings I've had with him.
And obviously he's got wonderful taste.
Okay out of the mouth of the dragon as I read it was said in the same
milieu. Did you
conceive of it or the basic idea why you were finishing Lord of the Starship
or did it just spring out by itself?
Well it came after Lord of the Starship and I was kind of wondering
it was actually suggested by, at least as I remember the
sequence, it was suggested by a story by Faulkner called
The Bear and as I remember it in that story
there was just a little bit, not terribly inventive, but I made an
impression on it. God creates man and then watches
and horrors a man who runs around and does all these unexpected, terrible
things. Well that's what I mean, thinking that obviously God created a great
number of other things too, time for one and
the course of the universe and what happens if they got equally out of control.
That allowed, well the next step
from there of course is to begin a story
with what was supposed to have been the end of the world, Armageddon,
and then show how time and the
arrange plan of society, or pardon me, the universe for that matter,
got progressively more chaotic and out of hand and what does one do in such an
environment? Of course I was real depressed when I was
read, but the
action basically revolved around this
society trying to operate in what was becoming a progressively more
random and blindly vicious
kind of universe, where even the physical laws were getting out of hand
and then eventually reaching what was meant to be
both symbolic and a literal
way to end time, end time by
killing everything, that's when the hero at the end assumes a
I guess an Antichrist figure
in essence
that's the universe, or that's the ocean as a life force.
Really, I hope it didn't sound that ponders on the rest,
but there is a basic
symbolistic underline, underframe to a lot of it.
It also had
a little idea in that, I think, which may have also come up from the first,
that in line with the orders of creation, you'd say
that well, God with the motivating force
creates man in time, or rather, well he creates time, of course, first,
and then man in the physical universe, and then the next level down is when
man creates machine, as in his little area of sub-creation,
and then when the creations
of divine creations fail to work correctly
and get out of hand, and it's up to man and his sub-creation,
the machine, to if not correct it,
then at least bring some kind of relief from it, and that's what they do.
I try to encourage people to read your
work, although I don't loan my books out because I'm a collector and they're getting old.
But I don't, the potential suicides
are the depressed people. I don't encourage them to read it at the time.
Like I said, I just can't get the humor in there.
I've got to try that more.
Yeah, because it starts out with failure by Rupert Brooke, which is not real uplifting,
and then goes to revelations, and then on from there.
Yeah, it really didn't cut a lot of monster with dates, either, I'll tell you that.
Yeah.
The image I wanted to talk to you about
of Cavendish's talking skeleton, that stuck with me
since I read it. And that really blew me away.
I don't like to ask how people got ideas,
but how the hell did you get that idea?
It just seemed to be a good thing to do. If the Antichrist is going towards
some kind of crucifixion of the universe, might as well have a last supper,
and he just happened to be at what was originally
an old battlefield, so I kind of screwed up my courage with
a...well, screwed up my courage,
and had a couple beers and sat down and wrote it that way.
It was a very obvious parallel way of supper.
The idea of the artificial larynx in the Christ figure,
Tim and I are the figures, I think it was name one,
that itself
is a repeat of the idea of these
sub-creations of God, man, machine,
and when the top level fails, then the bottom level
has to carry the burden, however clumsily or imperfectly.
And when the guy dies, his machinery keeps on talking,
and actually ends up telling the truth.
So how it came about
was it didn't really...it was just kind of a progressive thing.
That's continually...
I suppose it's the thing that brings one or leads me back to writing.
It just feels good,
even though it's hard. It's like running every day. I don't do that every day either.
But it's the excitement that when you start
doing these things,
you really...at least I can't, I can't plan a story
in advance. I don't outline things. I have basic ideas, concepts,
and rough ideas of character, and what's going to happen for at least a measurable portion
of the story. But once you get started, just the
background of the furniture that you're describing,
instead of constructing the physical world that the characters are moving through,
that so often suggests something new
and unexpected.
And it never happens, of course, until you sit down and actually do it, because then you
haven't picked out the detail that suggests the
next move. The artificial larynx
on the Christ figure out of the mouth of the dragon was just in line with
this basic idea. Well, you know, the guy is...he's trying to be
a good Christ, and he's trying to tell
his revelation. But he gets caught in the battle, the
battle on the burn,
which is even before the Armageddon, and you know, he gets
a voice shot out. It's the very tool he was going to use to rouse
righteousness again. Well, the man comes along and tries to give him something
almost as good. And in its way, it turns out to be
not as good as the first, the natural voice,
but it has its own virtues. First of all, it survives the Christ's death,
and secondly, like I said, it actually ends up telling the truth.
So that's...you know, I can't say that I found
something or somebody said something to me, I think what happened, and it just sat in and
wrote it, and that's the way the aesthetics, or the furniture,
or the background, or the layout of some initial scenes suggested
themselves, and the direction the story went in.
That's one of the great senses of
discovery you get when you're writing, and one of the real enjoyment. And it's also something that
people don't write, and of course they
don't write, so this never happens, so they're not
convinced that it will happen, so everybody can clue...well, a lot of people can clue they
can't, so they never do. Even for people who have written such
things to themselves, it's a real, real easy, even though you remember
that this is the way it almost is. Well, it very often works,
as I'm saying inevitably or invariably, but it's not that.
But it certainly works often enough to try it again, but convincing yourself that it's going to work one more time
is awful hard, and it's still a grind just to get there
and put the paper in, and start telling
who's in the room and how's he dressed.
You don't really start finding
the little clues to what's going to happen next, but you do that.
Both of these books
are critically acclaimed. I don't remember reading any bad reviews,
in fact, all the reviews have been laudatory. Would you just as soon
write a critically acclaimed book as one that makes a million
dollars, I mean, let alone, assuming that you're comfortable and that you don't need
a million dollars, but is there some satisfaction there?
Well, I really don't think that I have enough either craft or talent
to squander doing either one or the other. The books that were written were the ones
that I wanted to write. Unfortunately, I don't have to
write for a living, although perhaps if I did, I might be
doing something a lot more intense.
So what I'm extremely gratified
is that I'm extremely gratified that people
say you still remember the darn thing. That
really makes it a lot of it
still worthwhile. But as far as the difference
between just one address the critics, just one address
whatever one conceives to be the upper crust of literary sensibility
or just one go for the great unwashed,
gee, I don't know if anybody can really make
that conscious choice. The idea of the polished hack
is a great one, but I don't think there's all that many of them around. There are people
that have caught on. Harold Rawls, of course,
comes right to mind, and there are people who write very
well-acclaimed and moderately successful ones like John Gardner, who just
died a couple days ago. But I think basically
they simply write what they think is correct, and if they do that
they're going to do a good job, and even if it's a piece of hack work, at least it will be a good piece of
hack work, and they'll hold together in some coherent fashion.
And if a fellow wants to do something
that appears to be a bit harder, and then
of course equates that with the too often with
literary endurance or artistic endurance, then he's going to.
The point is to do
a good story. If you do the good story, you think the good story is
then I think either way it turns out. And if it's critically acclaimed
and still well remembered, gee, that's probably
not as much as you could ask for, the $1 million bucks,
that's not bad either. Okay, we'll move
on to the Day Star. You were in law school when you wrote the Day Star?
Well actually I started that
on numerous occasions. I started it, I think while I was still in college.
One reason why is that
the person I was dating at the time was convinced having read the first two that
I could not write anything in the least bit nice, and this is going to
prove her wrong. I began to think she was
right when I didn't get the right word on it. So
after numerous false starts, it just kind of lay around with an
essential idea until the end of law school.
I was in New York University at the Law School of
Washington Square, and Don Mulheim was still at that time
at DAW, or pardon me,
Hays before he went to a New American Library
and formed a name under DAW.
And I tried and I tried.
It always turned out a little short and really pretty big.
Can I say a nasty word on there? Go right ahead.
We don't have to put it on, but go ahead and say it. Okay, well the funny thing is,
and one thing I really liked, because it made me feel like a real pro and like I knew
what I was doing, is I went up and after he said we couldn't use it,
it was framed in the children's story originally, and I had to
straight ahead and I said well, you know, we worked before together
in two degrees. What's the problem with it? He said well you know,
it's kind of rough because it really doesn't suit any of our audience.
It's certainly not a children's story. It's much too
complicated for that, and it's not really a science fiction story.
So it really doesn't address our customary audience.
I said, well, gee whiz, what do I do with it? Any suggestions?
He kind of leaned back in his chair and waved. He said oh, throwing
some of that scientific bullshit, you know how to do it. And I started talking
a little bit after that, and after about five minutes, we had a little discussion.
We had an idea that eventually, well right there became the idea of the time
wind blowing through the various worlds that were arranged in the fashion
of the novelist shelf and unifying them. And from there,
I think that landed a real note of coherency
to what was going on, and went back, rewrote it,
and that's all. And it came out under the DAW level.
So that was a real nice little bit. I really enjoyed that.
This book seemed a lot more allegorical
than the others. They were more of the straight science fantasy.
I don't know if allegorical is the right word. I'm not an English major, but
just a little more magical and whimsical than the others.
That's the original thrust of it. It was meant to be
much more of the idea of the dream world being more
concrete than the waking world, and of multiple dream worlds
beyond the one of immediate sleep.
And then of course the ghost can move back and forth because he is
a dream character. And then the hero
becomes progressively more of a dream character himself, and he can move
back and forth through these worlds until he
comes to this
great shining city, you know, a parent,
and finds out what's going on.
Of course at the end, he ends his own little
ruin and a little bit of despair because it is an actual live book,
so I couldn't let anybody go happy. But it was originally
intended as a children's story, and
I hope it didn't turn out to be two overwrought, or two overblown,
or two prolet. But that was the
ephemeral kind of instruction to retain throughout
throughout its course.
To me it seems like you have a little preface where you say
something. This is the way things were once explained to me, and that seems kind of like
a bridge between your old stuff because it's got the
symbol of the solitary machine lost during the route of a long dead army.
And then you move to this kind of dreamy
book, and that almost seemed like a bridge to me when I read it from your old stuff to your new stuff,
which may be reading too much into it.
No, I think you're correct. It's also as I felt at the time, because
most discrepancies were for the people in law school.
And I was kind of
wondering where my own perspective was going at that moment.
And also this book had been planned, or I had been
writing it off and on for three years. So
it seemed to be a little bit of my own sentiment the way I felt at the time.
I thought the production,
the cover, the George Barr cover, and the George Barr
illustrations throughout the book,
that was a pretty classy package that Dawg doesn't seem to do that anymore.
How do you feel as an author, looking at your work and seeing the
illustrations and that sort of thing? Are they, as you imagined them?
Oh yes, yes. Very flattering, very thrilling. Always nice to see
your imagination visualized as well as
I guess, verbalized. And it's always nice to know
that somebody else read it too. And it's found that
even though the guy was walking, that it had some
enough of a power of suggestion that it's translated over
into somebody else's imagination. As far as
paintings go, I still, my absolute favor was the first
cover on the piece paperback edition of Lord and the Starship.
That I really liked. Although I have to say that all four
have, well the first two were reprinted to Hardcover in France
last year in a single Hardcover volume and then the second
third and fourth should be out right about
now, I believe by French publishing house called OPTA. And they've just done a beautiful
job in their own illustrations and redoing
the map of the world and stuff like that. So that's always very, very
thrilling. Okay, then the Siege of Wonder, which
seemed to kind of get back to the same
theme as the original two books, The Far Future.
But it had the fantasy element, much more of a fantasy element with the magic
versus the science. Right, well it was a very clear cut. I wrote that
again, this is to put it in something of a social context.
Let's see, 74 or
5, when I suppose
all the hippies were going into retirement.
But again, the technology was not highly
thought of. But I believe that, and as I still do right now,
there's a great deal of romance to it.
A great deal of beauty and as I said, it's explicit, it's not explicit
heroism. And it's used. And to keep that in mind
I was reading a book, I think it was Algus Butterys
I think, you know, possibly. Anyway,
a book of criticism, science fiction, and a history, a critical history called the
Billion Years' Freed. That's Brian Oldis. Yeah, very good book.
And I, you wrote the other point out,
the very obvious fact that there isn't that
terribly much of a difference between fantasy, classical fantasy
sword and sorcery, and science fiction. Even Space Stopper
science fiction, because each one ultimately depends on the impossible
before the action. On the one you have Turning Lefty Gold and the Prince of the Frog,
which is a physical impossibility. On the other you have
physical ships shooting the speed of light
which as far as we know is an equal impossibility. So they really
both proceed from the same suspension of disbelief as Coleridge
would say. But very often you do get
not so much anymore,
but you do get this artificially sharp
distinction between fantasy on the one hand and the Lord of the Rings, and
let's say the analog school of science fiction.
Given that, it occurred to me that why not just cut out
the shilly-shallying and just have a direct collision between the two.
And that's where you get the war between science and magic.
The way I envisioned it, again although it has
an ending that's typical for me with despair and all that,
but the way I thought about that
book was really, if you remember Bill Maldon's cartoon
character is Joe and Willie. It's kind of like Joe and Willie meet Elric
where you do have the
grand delinquents of fantasy
confronted by the very real
and very truly destructive
or powerful,
but by the same token I think more humane forces
of science and technology. At least that's the way I
saw it. And the direct collision of the two, neither
are particularly nice guys, although I found, and I think
they came across the greater sympathy and side of science.
Even though what they were doing was ultimately self-destructive
or dehumanizing, which is a little contradictory, I'd say
that's more humane, but perhaps even in that sense
feel more humane than what magic has allowed it to become.
Again, that didn't cut a lot of monsters in print.
Okay, you were in Idaho by the time this one
was published. Oh yes, that was written entirely out here.
Okay. I had a job on it right back. What I want to do
now, what I better do is turn my tape over.
I have one tooth, I have four more questions on my
list if you're not tired of this already.
Let me turn my tapes over and get them.
If you want to take a break or something, go ahead, this will take me about
two minutes. Okay.